Hi guys. Here is Hollie from Access PlayStation.
I was really lucky because I could get my hands on a PS4.
That's why we'll take a look at the console today.
Of course on the DualShock®4 and the PlayStation camera.
Here it is: PlayStation®4!
The device here is a prototype, so unfortunately I will not be able to turn it on.
But this will soon be in your hands ...
... when PlayStation®4 finally appears in late November.
If you want more information about the fantastic technology in this box, ...
... you can watch our video about the technical data. Everything is explained there.
Even what Teraflops are. I'm still not sure if I understood that.
The PlayStation®4 of course appears in this beautiful, asymmetrical design.
Here we see the two-part surface structure.
The color is called "Jet Black".
If you think of the PlayStation®3 now, it was "Piano Black" - a completely different color.
You see this line running across the middle.
She will shine in this "PlayStation Blue" that you know so well.
Here you will find the power button, underneath the eject button.
Here you will be able to push the disc into your PlayStation®4.
There are two USB ports on this page.
For example, you can put in your Micro USB cable to charge your DualShock®4 controller.
You can even do that when the PlayStation®4 is in stand-by mode.
Let's take a look at the back of the console.
Here we see a digital optical connector and the HDMI output, ...
... also the LAN connection, an auxiliary connection and of course the slot for the power cable.
Of course, the PlayStation®4 would not be complete without the DualShock®4.
This is the great new controller that you can soon hold in your hands.
The DualShock®4 is not just a new edition of the DualShock®3 controller.
He brings along many new features.
He not only offers a new surface, ....
... it also offers longer handles, a new, clickable touchpad, ...
... revised analog sticks and of course the Share and Option buttons.
On the back of the controller, you get an even better view of the new surface of the DualShock®4.
The shoulder buttons are longer, thinner and now bent outward.
Here we see, of course, where the USB charging cable will belong.
As I said earlier, you can now charge the controller even when the console is in stand-by mode.
Of course, there is also the lightbar.
The light bar can change its color depending on which player you are in local multiplayer ...
... or depending on what happens in the game. For example, if you die, it can glow red.
In a game like Hohokum, for example, the color also changes depending on the color of the snake.
Here we have the PlayStation®4 camera.
A great little piece of technology.
It helps to improve the gaming experience on PlayStation®4.
The PlayStation®4 camera can record in 3D.
It has four microphones for improved noise detection and location.
It can also be used for AR content, which we've already seen on PlayRoom.
She is pretty easy. Actually, very easy.
It is very small and compact.
You can turn it to show it up or down, depending on where you want to place it.
With me she will come under the TV, because I have space for it.
Here you can see again the two cameras that are needed for the 3D shots.
And of course the four microphones.
So, that was our look at the PlayStation®4, the DualShock®4 and the PlayStation camera.